Enable log filtering by default (#266)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: collector/settings.mdx

  </tbody>
</table>

> By default the pganalyze collector only filters logs that may contain database secrets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the pganalyze collector only filters logs that contain syntax errors (which may contain accidental copy and paste of passwords, etc), or could not be identified.
```

```
filter_log_secret: credential,parsing_error,unidentified
```

> For maximum security (at the cost of less useful data in pganalyze) we recommend setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For servers containing sensitive information in the logs and to maximize data privacy (at the cost of less useful data in pganalyze) we recommend setting:
```
